{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13725\c13725\c13725;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww50700\viewh27940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/**********************************************************************\
 *  ps0-readme template                                                   \
 *  Hello World Assignment                       \
 **********************************************************************/\
\
Your name: Matthew Lorette Anaya\
\
Operating system you're using (Linux, OS X, or Windows): OS X\
\
IDE or text editor you're using: Emacs\
\
Hours to complete assignment: 1\
\
/**********************************************************************\
 *  Part of Assignment 0 is to read the collaboration policy in syllabus.\
 *  \
 *  If you haven't done this, please do so now.\
 *\
 *  Read the University policy Academic Integrity,\
 *  and answer the following question:\
 *\
 * There are six examples of academic misconduct, labeled (a) through\
 * (f). Other than (a), "Seeks to claim credit for the work or efforts\
 * of another without authorization or citation," which of these do you\
 * think would most apply to this class, and why? Write approx. 100-200\
 * words.\
 *\
 * Note: there is no single correct answer to this. I am looking for\
 * your opinion.\
 **********************************************************************/\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 (c) Forges or falsifies academic documents or records; 
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This for sure would be my pick for this question. It goes along with a in that \
respect of not copying/falsifying code or other documents of that nature. Using \
or crying others code not only hurts you in l\\the long run of learning, but it \
also cheapens your education making it almost pointless to do so.\
\
/**********************************************************************\
 *  List whatever help (if any) you received from TAs, the instructor,\
 *  classmates, or anyone else.\
 **********************************************************************/\
Just Random sites to try and figure out why the code won\'92t display the windows \
on the campus\'92 computers.\
\
\
/**********************************************************************\
 *  Describe any serious problems you encountered.                    \
 **********************************************************************/\
Refer to above(error I received):\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs42 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 libGL error: No matching fbConfigs or visuals found\
libGL error: failed to load driver: swrast\
X Error of failed request:  GLXBadContext\
  Major opcode of failed request:  149 (GLX)\
  Minor opcode of failed request:  6 (X_GLXIsDirect)\
  Serial number of failed request:  42\
  Current serial number in output stream:  41
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
/**********************************************************************\
 *  List any other comments here.                                     \
 **********************************************************************/}